the regional forum of orchids
It is a well-proposed proposal
which will introduce the local people to
all in the kindness that the orchids offer us not from having a pretty
flower
have a perfect aromas
from having
they exhibit the economy
and more than anything the benefit that our idea is to be able to keep our children
grow up
water
I've been in the wild orchid research for four years
for living in the region
we have therefore the idea of ​​being able to manage a forum
is so that all people can visualize
and to know the orchids from its structure
but in a way in the dialect that we handle
must translate all the work that is going is going to do
and to be able to let them know about the objective of the work we have
turn on
of this forum before which we are little aware of the community
and teach them work of
care
In the environment, a tree was finally taken care of
and from there they will see many things you see us on TV we have to teach
to our people
I think it is impossible
It will be a
a very important event not only at the local level its national level
because we are invited 'specialist set points in the matter will show
their experiences and show before how to produce
in its natural environment without so many expenses without so many inputs
then the local people will be able to appreciate this knowledge and develop it
it is very important that this forum be held
so that it is made known to the people the great importance that our
society
and that they need it
it's an idea to remove or ravines
According to some witnesses, it takes a whole process and it is also possible to
get in some other way an economic opportunity for them
botanical garden like
ac
despite the fact that the first dismissals really worried
for the experience in this case
that is drivers
this campaign practically
it is designed
so that the young Chinese and adults
there when they give those tours through the countryside for certain regions do not see
tempted plucked the flora a plant I did not come to this campaign to be able to give
and spread
the in some of these plants the destruction
with this campaign we intend to impact
regionally in the population
why before doing that look for advice
and can consider
a sustainable situation
we hope it has a great impact from the children so that it gives them
small from 5 to 6 years old on then it was to work with excellent in
port
all the vegetation
here we are also making invitation for all those who do
you have to see
this kind of work for
jobim colo
that are participants in the objectives I have
and together
Reserve
this type of
the hope is that it is a beauty